[Music]
I would say I don't say that women as
women who are born as women only have
the rule even the men have everyone has
because everyone has pulled an innie
within them but the women must know that
if they are women they have a greater
responsibility not that they should sit
at home and only look after children and
brood and then nag the husbands when
they come that's not their role the role
is such that they have to be for bed any
person who is the mother has to be like
the mother earth
how much is for bearing how much she
suffers we do karate out torture her
life still she's giving all the time
she's soothing forgiving bearing it out
we are doing so many sinful things I
mean she should explode but she does not
she's very careful she slowly slowly
informs that now get out of this blazing
rumbling she's so kind see that all
should come so it's not that it is only
the women who should settle down with
these qualities but the time has come
that men have to have these qualities
otherwise there will be always an
imbalance the women have no self-esteem
they fight on wrong things they don't
fight on the right things the right is
that you should be respected and you
should not be treated like something on
the show that any man can look at you
and any and that the men should look at
you then you have some value it's
nonsense
this is not the way to make great
nations and great children and great
families so the Society of any country
depends on the women which is a very
solid work which is underground they
don't want to show off any country which
has got good women make good societies
so in sahaja yoga we respect the women
we allow them their own freedom we trust
them and we treat them equal they have
to be equal they may not be similar but
they are equal
both the wheels have to be equal
otherwise wheel one is smaller one is
bigger then the chariot will never move
forward it will go round and round and
round so that is to be understood that's
very much important nowadays in the West
because I find slowly the derailment is
store sell all these thoughts are going
to take people to nowhere because nobody
takes the responsibility of molding a
model creating moral values for children
you have to give proper premium you
don't know the role of a woman is so
important so very important that she can
change the whole family into a beautiful
garden
it is her own sweetness her own creative
mind of love that can work it out must
find out the art of love and work it out
on anybody who is disturbed or who is
unhappy or who is crossed you can do it
you should know how to pacify that
person and how to embrace first quality
you must have with the generosity of
character you should not mind giving up
everything anything to anyone if they
were you will enjoy your generosity now
and in that you should be generous when
you forgive others forgiveness is very
important and then you will never feel
the brunt of your married life forgive
also you have to forgive yourself not to
feel guilty not to feel guilty at all
about anything you should not be a
source of some sort of a dominating
personality or a person who is like this
not at all on the contrary you are the
one who can bear lots of things and make
fun out of every nonsense that you see
nothing is so serious
to fight it what to make the fun out of
all that and make a fun for everyone
that's what you have to be always
smiling and happy
[Music]
you see I was tired and cultures
different what I'm saying nothing you
dr. Reuben is regarded not now in the
Pacific but most of the women in the
villages are regardless akshauhinis so
she's to be different all the people
with respect
you see nobody dare insult that's what
our society and he still in the villa
disinfectant hundred women can reach so
see what happens that they know that
their area is their household but they
don't feel suffocated they don't feel
they are lower down in cespedes the same
that NRI are gently the predominantly do
we need where the women are I worship
and then worship food not that that we
worship but they are respected there
only exists
and Emma
so so much responsibility is on women
now the men are responsible for the
politics of economics and also the
nation as a new status but women are
responsible for the system
whether she's in the house or she's
outside but that she's working in the
house or outside she's responsible for
the maintenance of the system
and then it looks sometimes to a woman
that she's dominated that her husband
dominates that the husband's family
dominates but is the quality of a woman
that examine the level of the society
not only the level but also in the
family she is then disciplined
it's a very important role as a husband
perhaps we never realized we see so many
lights the electricity is there any what
is the source of the cylinders is it not
much more important that these lights so
when are nothing but you can say the
kinetic energy what is the protein
shakes a moment it is for us an economic
one defense the granite of these plates
power that is given to us by Allah me
but what can we fight never invisible
women has not been able to give a full
manifestation of their victims
I am NOT suggesting at all that the only
loss of momentum you know our society is
that of the mother the rotation and the
number of children or back of the white
consistence women have a full right to
by accident and equal parts by social
person and individual political
economical identity is also big anymore
they want to have the right education in
all branches of science but if they are
mother they haven't make
responsibilities towards their children
as very identified men are responsible
to a party and enough of the fashion but
you may not as positive education
we may also support men but only they
can make leading part of course in
anything but it is very important that
it cannot protect they are women who has
mated these mother he threatened and us
if they become angry
the science of the société anonyme I can
say less and assertive that right we are
but the fundamental to check if we make
the best of those who are you a leader
or social other celebrity I have one of
the other if you have one to the other
extreme when they are taking what is
economical or adversity complete with
men they have become I am
they have no more dirty really what it
can give me and value so as you have got
your Kundalini you must develop that
sweetness with it in such a manner that
people see you and think that you are
great mothers but as you know in the
West the mothers are so horrible the
women are so dominating that people do
not have a proper image of a mother also
the mother women are extremely
dominating women must learn to dominate
is so easy a bull can dominate it but
can they be like mother earth which can
bear up all kinds of troubles all kinds
of problems can we do that way
especially that's why request women of
this country to develop those beautiful
qualities and not of domination
domination
it doesn't behoove a woman it doesn't
look nice on her it's like a bully she
is wearing as a diamond piece around her
neck a smart beautiful so we must give
up that idea of dominating or trying to
oppress the husband he says something we
said no to children we say no to
everyone we try to dominate
that's not our character even I think
Roosevelt once said that of course he
must have said he must have material
Indian women that an Indian woman she is
like a magnolia in an Indian forest of
course here the magnolias are useless
but any Maine Indian Forest even one
flower in the forest it is hidden you
can't see but you can smell it
the whole forest is bright you can't see
it anywhere it's in a one flower you can
know this magnolia and this is the
greatest quality because love is the
most attractive thing in this world why
do you hang around me
just ask yourself because our vibrations
my photograph has got no to feel that
you are loved that I love you it's very
great quality but I have that innate
within me I don't have to have it from
anywhere and you do have it just expose
it and manifest it may God bless you
[Music]